grandma
Song Nian Yi is a down payment
If he goes
Then wouldn't my identity be exposed?
You
I will first aggrieve you to be the inspector general for a period of time
Wait until I get from the hand of Hua Mingzhen
Group take it back
You and Yuan
The real president and CEO of the group
Madam
It's a welcome gift to my great-grandson
Is everything ready?
Grandma, I have found someone to block Song Jianyi's way
But
What should I do here Nangong Ye?
Don't worry about Nangong Ye.
I won't let him save Song Nianyi
At that time, I will use Song Nianyi
Absent from important group meetings
Forced Xiaoye to remove his position
If he were to protect Song Nianyi
It must be exchanged for shares
You have to be careful lately
Don't expose yourself
What's up?
There is a nail on the road and the car has a flat tire.
successively
Why can't you come down?
The meeting is about to start
Hahaha little beauty
Are you waiting for me?